---
title: Sample Character for Nest - Matheus Gabriel
subheadline: A Sample Character for Nest - A World of Adventure
layout: post
date: 2015-07-30 15:09
categories:
 - RPG
tags:
 - Fate
 - Fate Core
 - Fate-Core
 - Characters
 - Sample
 - Nest
 - Worlds-of-Adventure
header: no
---

### Matheus Gabriel, a Sample Character for Nest, A World of Adventure

>  This character follow the Character  Creation rules from Fate Core,
>  including         the          specific         things         from
>  [Nest][1].

Matheus  was a  little, chubby,  smarty, know-it-all  kid. Being  that
didn't turned him cherished for the  other kids, that bullied him. But
they didn't know  that in fact he  was a Hero of  Nest, the _Rabbitest
Know-It-All Master  of All Things  from Bungledyne_, that  fighted for
the right  with his knowledge, quick  wit and flashy moves...   So, he
escaped from  reality in  our reality via  nerdy pastimes,  like RPGs,
books  and computers,  at  the same  time he  fought  against Evil  in
Bungledyne and all Nest.

But time had come and he needed to  cope with all this. But for him, a
good time had come.

Internet and everything  else had come to use for  everyone.  From the
nerdy guy that helped with the computer setup, he turned into a dotcom
developer and  CEO, a visionaire compared  (at least for those  in his
neighborhood)  with  Mark  Zuckenberg,  Steve  Jobs  and  Bill  Gates.
Although he  still don't  make the  big cash  the dot-com  big kahunas
does, he had done well after  finished out UCLA. He even employed some
guys from the old times, the bullies and jocks that thrashed him every
time. He don't know  why he even care for them when  some of them came
without  one  or  two  legs  back from  Afghanisthan.   Maybe  he's  a
humanitary, or maybe he's turning himself into the thing he most hate:
a bully, sometimes  darkly smiling inside himself about  the PTSD that
they suffer and the all the medicine they need now.

But he  still sometimes relives his  childhood dreams: not that  he go
back  to Nest.   he  knows  that was  a  dream,  although a  lifesaver
one. But he still have the _Book of the Rabbitest Know-It-All Master_,
a pseudo-memoir  he wrote  with all his  dreamy adventures.   When the
pressure grows  too much into him,  he goes for that  notebook, with a
sketch  of   a  rabbity  guy   into  flamboyant  clothes,   _Alice  in
Wonderland_'s  White  Rabbit  meets _Pirates  from  Caribbean_'s  Jack
Sparrow, drawn by  his best friend and secret crush  Amanda Wesker, in
his cover,  to remember the  happier times, when confronting  Evil was
easy and decisions were plain and black and white.

### Aspects

| **Heroic Concept:** | _Rabbitest Know-It-All Master  of All Things  from Bungledyne_           |
| **Mundane Life:**   | Bullied kid turned into dot-com developer and CEO                        |
| **Hook:**           | _"Someday I'll publish the_ Book of the Rabbitest Know-It-All Master _"_ |
|                     | Secret Crush: Amanda Wesker, Neighbor and Best Friend                    |
|                     | _"Am I turning myself into the thing I loathe the most?"_                |

### Skills

| **Great (+4)**   | Lore        |          |         |         |
| **Good (+3)**    | Rapport     | Will     |         |         |
| **Fair (+2)**    | Empathy     | Burglary | Provoke |         |
| **Average (+1)** | Investigate | Notice   | Crafts  | Stealth |

### Stunts (not in start)

+  _Master  of  the  Wit:_  +2 in  all  _Rapport_  tests  for  _Create
  Advantage_ by showing his wit against his enemies

### Talisman (to be recovered)

#### Book of All Mysteries

The _Book of All  Mysteries_ is a so big book  that it floats somewhat
in front  the possessor  when being  used and  turn itself  its pages,
being _**The  Book that Comprises  All Knowledge**_.  The  books looks
old and  wrinkled, but  he has infinite  pages with  everything anyone
could  need to  know,  if he  knows  how to  ask and  how  to use  the
Book. Although being big, he shrinks itself when put back into pockets
or bags.

+  When  picking the  Talisman,  choose  one into  _Lore_,  _Rapport_,
  _Provoke_ or _Empathy_. You can use this Skill for Mental Attacks
+   When  searching into  the  Book,  you  receive  +2 in  _Lore_  for
   _Creating Advantages_ and even if  you fail, you can be _successful
   at a minor cost_

[1]: http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/153980/Nest--A-World-of-Adventure-for-Fate-Core
